I mean, it is very difficult to live without a mother. Our
homeland is scarce and I passed away. I was 11 years old. My mother was martyred
in this war and she gave me this child who was two and a half years old.
I am still young. I cannot bear the
responsibility of the child. I cannot provide him with his needs. I
mean, I am still young. I cannot feed him or
protect him. There is nothing.  In fact, there are needs that I have
to do. It means that it is very difficult to live without a mother. Our
homeland is scarce, and my mother was in pain. She was with us a lot. She used to
guide us. Fast, pray, and follow the mosques.
I mean, my mother was very kind. Mother is
love. Mother is the pulse of
tenderness. It is impossible that I could imagine living
without my mother.
Unfortunately